was I good son same rush man um some
home front basically just wanted to give
you guys a little quick gameplay you
guys chew on Oh get the game man I don't
not gonna stress it anymore you done
heard it you see my commentary on yahoo
I compared the dog cod4 and cod4 and
home front I think it was pretty funny
comparison but check it out if you have
it um III now I'm not gonna talk about
III I'm not gonna be posted i might give
my opinion on certain games i don't know
but i do want to say they just showed
the mw3 robber bowling playing the story
mode and basically they are showing on
the East River that that you know the
whole beginning of the the trailer that
we saw that's basically it looks like
it's gonna be the first mission so
you're gonna start off in a war-torn us
you know who knows I'm not a hundred
percent but what you guys been listening
to my commentaries and what I've been
saying lately about mw3 about them
taking it back to cod4 you know
basically cod4 and mw2 had a baby that's
really um this is what we will be
getting I honestly just from looking at
the story mode and I know I know yeah
you can't say that just from looking at
the story mode you can't make that
judgment but I'm making that judgment
because I haven't said this about any
call of duty 4 but I feel like this is
gonna be the game that we finally been
waiting for this is the card that we've
all been wanting since cod4 we just want
to meet improvement um wanted an
improvement and things like that
um so I'm just hoping that that's what
we're getting and I really I'm really
betting on the I'm betting on on
dedicated service i'm betting on
dedicated servers um good gameplay I'm
betting on a lot of things that modern
warfare 3 is gonna be the game it's
gonna be the next card for I'm sorry I
know I'm jumping the gun saying this but
I honestly feel like this is gonna be it
um I wish chaos we talked about
homefront too because I know they're
gonna be coming out with a home run to
another thing that I saw um tomb raider
now i'm sorry i'm recording you right
now so once i finish this commentary I'm
gonna go back I just wanted to post up a
gameplay and it just so happened that
this came up i wanted to talk about
other things i had like a little topic
about a big for nothing Oh dudes that
but I just the III came on so I was like
oh shit I didn't think he was gonna come
on this early I thought they were gonna
start at night but um basically tomb
raider you know I completely forgot
about the Tomb Raider series and now
it's coming back and i miss tomb raider
and i'm glad that my xbox is gonna be
utilized for different games now you
know I was betting on modern warfare 3
and cod4 at home front it'll be the
three games that i'll be playing come in
the future but guess what they're coming
out with new games so you know i hope
you guys i hope you guys watching it if
not i'm pretty sure i look I'll cut
anybody that you sub to any big
commentators you searching and be
posting it up a lot of commentators went
out their mother fuzzy eggs jaws I think
woody uh just a lot of people went out
to eat three so if you don't if you
aren't suck i would probably sell to
mother fucker and I don't know about
exes but I know mother fucker he's a big
he's a gamer like he played
different games he's not just a college
kid you know he's not just a cat guy
that plays only pod solely so i would go
check them out i'm betting on his i'm
betting on his reviews to be real good
um but yeah man so really excited about
it I I know I sound like all the illest
nerd right now but I'm just like I'm
glad because you know it's bad gaming
might just be going back to the way it
used to be but we'll see III just
started early so let's see what happens
and as far as the gameplay goes right
here I would you know I wasn't doing too
good i just had switched my my
sensitivity so I was like all over the
place for them right here I just come on
and I'll take over be flag real quick so
I wanted quick little pills free um this
map here is a col de sac is like the
other version of it is like two versions
of col col de sac is two different maps
and um yeah man it's uh right here I
just ended up taking over i ended up at
cabinet by myself and my teammates came
over you know after you know shortly
after i get help me finish happen it and
then I was just like feeling it and i'm
using the diablo which is submachine gun
and i like it but i like the fact the
super beat which is the vector it looks
just like you know it's the MW two
vectors it looks ain't it um so yeah
right there and then from there was
pretty much a wrap like we won the first
side and push them back and then if you
see if you saw on the overhead just keep
watching over you see we hadn't pushed
into the corner there was no getting out
for them so I just we just went on
tearing them up with our street with our
kill streaks and and everything I think
I was using a I was using a white
phosphorus on this one and it's pretty
good i get like a four piece i did a
couple of two pieces
ah but the games were fun right here I
failed with the sea for drones are super
annoying if the drones are super
annoying but you learn to get used to
them so I mean it's all good but I'm
telling you guys I know that is breathe
out and you know you I mean these games
are gonna start coming out and like
they're coming out by Christmas they
might take another year be play come out
but I still still strongly stand by
homefront and if you ain't got it look
at four feet um you don't have it go get
it man i'm outraged it's funny cuz i was
in the lobby with somebody the other day
and they were like on tired of black ops
can't stand this game and i'm tired of
it too oh that's another thing i might
post up like one or two more black ops
games but that's it I'm sorry I'm done
with it um I guess treyarch just doesn't
make my type of games I didn't buy world
at war black ops was fun but honestly
I'm just gonna go back to mine warfare
two a card for and home front that's
basically what i'll be posting all I
won't say I'm completely done with black
ops but I'm gonna be like overloading
game played on modern warfare 2 for 34
and home front and that's it you know I
hate to say I want to seem like I gave
up on black I kind of did you know it's
just like I've been playing a little bit
domination and it's like every game that
I going to people are playing team
deathmatch you know and all people
aren't really it's hard not saying
everybody I'm just saying it's really
hard to find the lobby where it's
competitive and i'll post a couple of
games place where it's not crazy like I
didn't do crazy good but the games were
the game itself was good you know the
teams are going back and forth so you
know I missed that and I'm trying to go
back to mw2 and cod4 and hold
Oh follow me at twitter man i'm posting
on there lately until next time peace
i'm